yeah when you wake up in the morning and
you hear that something coming no it's
going to be a great day it's an
adrenaline rush but it's also knowing
that you're going to be in the goods
that noise is a signal is kind of like a
Pavlovian Bell for skiers if what awaits
you is deep deep pow nestled in the
selkirk and mana she mountains Selkirk
Tangiers receives more than 65 feet of
annual snowfall making for some
world-class heli-skiing soccer Tangiers
tenure is 500,000 acres one of the
largest in British Columbia and it's
really in the heart of heli ski terrain
and bc here this is my 14th Winter with
self contenders give an idea i still
haven't skied every run in our tenure
and that's a lot of heli skiing for one
of Selkirk's premier guides I love
skiing I love the mountains and I can't
think of a better office than this it's
it's always changing it's never the same
and I never get tired of it
selkirk has some of the most diverse
terrain in the world with more than 200
established runs we have everything from
you know beautiful bladed tree skiing to
like wide open place your ski and steep
Alpine balls I like the nice open high
alpine you can just say you know arc
your turns and don't have to worry about
anything but get an untracked line we're
really well known for our tree skiing a
lot of retreats ended up is actually
close to town so it's a very short
flight to get to some of the best tree
skiing in the world
I've been on a lot of different trips in
the backcountry from cats keen to heli
skiing in Selkirk Tangiers is by far the
bastard safety first when you go to
search mode all gasp go through a safety
exercise learning how to use an
avalanche transceiver and how to
maneuver around a helicopter Selkirk's
guys are all certified by the
association of canadian mountain guides
or the international federation of
mountain guides we're based out of the
coast hillcrest hotel so all of our
guests stay there a top-notch chef and
his staff create a memorable dining
experience every night of the week the
food is fabulous I love it that this
trip is just all inclusive we show up
and it's done for us the hillcrest pays
special attention to all the amenities
like an indoor exercise facility steam
room sauna jacuzzi and massage rooms ah
this has just been the best it's like a
dream and an a-star is parked right at
the hotel for private groups and the
larger 205 seats a group of 10 guests
and two guides no matter where you land
at selkirk the views spectacular
most agree the whole heli experience is
unbeatable
we're on top of a wide open bowl high
alpine the helicopter was going to
follow us down and just feeling it
actually reverberating through the error
and feel to have the blades behind you
as you're skiing down and then passing
over our heads and peeling off be able
to see it out of the corner your head
where you got cold smoke coming up in
front in your waist deep phenomenal just
absolutely incredible epic run after
epic run Selkirk Tangier is phenomenal
it's like being on top of the world it's
like a big wide ocean and you just can't
wait to actually get into it it's
wonderful